feat(curriculum): add css-flexbox-quiz (#57050)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-css-flexbox/66ed8fe7f45ce3ece4053eb2.md

`flex-wrap`

---

`flex-direction`

---

`justify-content`

#### --answer--

`align-items`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which is not a value for `justify-content`?

#### --distractors--

`flex-start`

---

`center`

---

`space-between`

#### --answer--

`row`

### --question--

#### --text--

What CSS properties would you use to center an element within a flex container horizontally, and vertically?

#### --distractors--

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  justify-content: center;
}
```

---

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  align-items: center;
}
```

---

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  align-content: center;
}
```

#### --answer--

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  justify-content: center;
  align-items: center;
}
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What value of `flex-direction` makes the children elements go from right to left?  

#### --distractors--

`column-reverse`

---

`column`

---

`row`

#### --answer--

`row-reverse`

### --question--

#### --text--

What is not a value of the `flex-wrap` property? 

#### --distractors--

`nowrap`

---

`wrap`

---

`wrap-reverse`

#### --answer--

`row`

### --question--

#### --text--

> What does the `stetch` value in `align-items` do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What does the `stretch` value in `align-items` do?
```

#### --text--

What is a flexbox?

#### --distractors--

An two-dimensional model for layout

---

An three-dimensional model for layout

---

An multi-dimensional model for layout

#### --answer--

An one-dimensional model for layout 

### --question--

#### --text--

> What css property is set to enable the flexbox layout for the <div> element?  

Reviewer 2: I'm fairly sure that we want HTML elements like div to have backticks around them like this: `div`.

Author: Oh, thanks for the catch, I have added the backticks.

#### --distractors--

`flex-start`

---

`center`

---

`space-between`

#### --answer--

`row`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which CSS matches the following description? 
Center an element within a container horizontally and vertically. 

#### --distractors--

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  justify-content: center;
}
```

---

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  align-items: center;
}
```

---

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  align-content: center;
}
```

#### --answer--

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  justify-content: center;
  align-items: center;
}
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What value of `flex-direction` makes the children elements go from right to left?  

#### --distractors--

`column-reverse`

---

`column`

---

`row`

#### --answer--

`row-reverse`

### --question--

#### --text--

What is not a value of the `flex-wrap` property? 

#### --distractors--

`nowrap`

---

`wrap`

---

`wrap-reverse`

#### --answer--

`row`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `stetch` value in `align-items` do?

#### --distractors--

Items are packed flush to each other toward the start edge of the container

---

> Items are aligned such that their flex container baselines align

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Items are aligned such that their flex container baselines align.
```

---

Items are packed flush to each other toward the end edge of the container

#### --answer--

> Auto-size items to be equally large to fill the container

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Auto-size items to be equally large to fill the container.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> Items are evenly distributed along the main axis. The spacing between each pair of adjacent items is the same. The items on the sides are flush againt the main axis edge. Which value in `justify-content` matches this description?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Items are evenly distributed along the main axis. The spacing between each pair of adjacent items is the same. The items on the sides are flush againt the main axis edge.

Which value in `justify-content` matches this description?
```

#### --distractors--

`space-evenly`

---

`space-around`

---

`center`

#### --answer--

`space-between`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Items are evenly distributed along the main axis. The spacing between each pair of adjacent items and against the main axis edge are the same. Which value in `justify-content` matches this description?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Items are evenly distributed along the main axis. The spacing between each pair of adjacent items and against the main axis edge are the same.

Which value in `justify-content` matches this description?
```

#### --distractors--

`space-between`

---

`space-around`

---

`center`

#### --answer--

`space-evenly`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Items are evenly distributed along the main axis. The spacing between each pair of adjacent items is the same. The items on the sides have half the spacing against the main axis edge. Which value in `justify-content` matches this description?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Items are evenly distributed along the main axis. The spacing between each pair of adjacent items is the same. The items on the sides have half the spacing against the main axis edge.

Which value in `justify-content` matches this description?
```

#### --distractors--

`space-evenly`

---

`center`

---

`space-between`

#### --answer--

`space-around`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Items are flush against the cross-axis start. Which value in `align-items` matches this description?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Items are flush against the cross-axis start.

Which value in `align-items` matches this description?
```

#### --distractors--

`flex-end`

---

`baseline`

---

`first-baseline`

#### --answer--

`flex-start`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Items are flush against the cross-axis end. Which value in `align-items` matches this description?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Items are flush against the cross-axis end.

Which value in `align-items` matches this description?
```

#### --distractors--

`flex-start`

---

`baseline`

---

`last-baseline`

#### --answer--

`flex-end`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Items are aligned along the main axis from left to right. Which value in `flex-direction` matches this description?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Items are aligned along the main axis from left to right.

Which value in `flex-direction` matches this description?
```

#### --distractors--

`column`

---

`column-reverse`

---

`row-reverse`

#### --answer--

`row`

### --question--

#### --text--

Items are aligned along the cross axis from top to bottom. Which value in `flex-direction` matches this description?

#### --distractors--

`row`

---

`column-reverse`

---

`row-reverse`

#### --answer--

`column`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following use case is not suitable for flexbox?

#### --distractors--

> Centering an item in a container

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Centering an item in a container.
```

---

> Vertical alignment of items in a row 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Vertical alignment of items in a row.
```

---

> Dynamically adjusting distribution and alignment of items for different viewports

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Dynamically adjusting distribution and alignment of items for different viewports.
```

#### --answer--

> Fixed sizing and space between items like a grid

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fixed sizing and space between items like a grid.
```

---

```css
div { 
  flex-direction: row; 
}
```

---

```css
div { 
  flex-wrap: wrap; 
}
```

#### --answer--

```css
div { 
  display: flex; 
}
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Flexbox defaults to fit all children within a single row. What property can be modified when there are too many children within one row, and you want to spread them out into multiple rows?

#### --distractors--

`flex-direction`

---

`justify-content`

---

`align-items`

#### --answer--

`flex-wrap`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the flexbox property `justify-content` control?

#### --distractors--

It controls the direction of the children elements of the flexbox container.

---

It controls the text style of the children elements of the flexbox container.

---

It controls the alignment of the children elements within the flexbox container.

#### --answer--

It controls the distribution of the children elements on the main axis.

### --question--

#### --text--

What property controls the direction of the elements within the flexbox container?

#### --distractors--

`flex-wrap`

---

`flex`

---

`justify-content`

#### --answer--

`flex-direction`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which CSS matches the following description?
> 
> A container where elements flow from left to right, changes line when it exceeds containter width and new lines go on top of the previous line.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
What CSS properties would you use to make a `.container` element's items flow from left to right, change lines when an item exceeds container width, and have new items go on top of the previous line?
```

#### --distractors--

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column;
  flex-wrap: wrap-reverse;
}
```

---

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: row;
  flex-wrap: wrap;
}
```

---

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column-reverse;
  flex-wrap: wrap;
}
```

#### --answer--

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: row;
  flex-wrap: wrap-reverse;
}
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What property controls the positioning of the elements on the cross axis?

#### --distractors--

`flex-wrap`

---

`flex-direction`

---

`justify-content`

#### --answer--

`align-items`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which is not a value for `justify-content`?

#### --distractors--

`flex-start`

---

`center`

---

`space-between`

#### --answer--

`row`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which CSS matches the following description?
> 
> Center an element within a container horizontally and vertically.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
What CSS properties would you use to center an element within a flex container horizontally, and vertically?
```

#### --distractors--

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  justify-content: center;
}
```

---

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  align-items: center;
}
```

---

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  align-content: center;
}
```

#### --answer--

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  justify-content: center;
  align-items: center;
}
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What value of `flex-direction` makes the children elements go from right to left?  

#### --distractors--

`column-reverse`

---

`column`

---

`row`

#### --answer--

`row-reverse`

### --question--

#### --text--

What is not a value of the `flex-wrap` property? 

#### --distractors--

`nowrap`

---

`wrap`

---

`wrap-reverse`

#### --answer--

`row`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `stetch` value in `align-items` do?

#### --distractors--

Items are packed flush to each other toward the start edge of the container.

---

Items are aligned such that their flex container baselines align.

---

Items are packed flush to each other toward the end edge of the container.

#### --answer--

Auto-size items to be equally large to fill the container.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Items are evenly distributed along the main axis. The spacing between each pair of adjacent items is the same. The items on the sides are flush againt the main axis edge. 
> Which value in `justify-content` matches this description?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Which value for `justify-content` will evenly distribute items along the main axis, have the same spacing between each pair of adjacent items, and have items whose sides are flush againt the main axis edge?
```

#### --distractors--

`space-evenly`

---

`space-around`

---

`center`

#### --answer--

`space-between`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Items are evenly distributed along the main axis. The spacing between each pair of adjacent items and against the main axis edge are the same. 
> Which value in `justify-content` matches this description?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Which value for `justify-content` will evenly distribute items along the main axis, and have the same spacing between each pair of adjacent items and against the main axis edge?
```

#### --distractors--

`space-between`

---

`space-around`

---

`center`

#### --answer--

`space-evenly`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Items are evenly distributed along the main axis. The spacing between each pair of adjacent items is the same. The items on the sides have half the spacing against the main axis edge. 
> Which value in `justify-content` matches this description?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Which value for `justify-content` will evenly distribute items along the main axis, have the same spacing between each pair of adjacent items, and have items on the sides with half the spacing against the main axis edge?
```

#### --distractors--

`space-evenly`

---

`center`

---

`space-between`

#### --answer--

`space-around`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Items are flush against the cross-axis start.
> 
> Which value in `align-items` matches this description?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Which value for `align-items` will make it so items are flush against the cross-axis start?
```

#### --distractors--

`flex-end`

---

`baseline`

---

`first-baseline`

#### --answer--

`flex-start`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Items are flush against the cross-axis end.
> 
> Which value in `align-items` matches this description?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Which value for `align-items` will make it so items are flush against the cross-axis end?
```

#### --distractors--

`flex-start`

---

`baseline`

---

`last-baseline`

#### --answer--

`flex-end`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Items are aligned along the main axis from left to right.
> 
> Which value in `flex-direction` matches this description?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Which value for `flex-direction` will make it so items are aligned along the main axis from left to right.
```

#### --distractors--

`column`

---

`column-reverse`

---

`row-reverse`

#### --answer--

`row`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Items are aligned along the cross axis from top to bottom. 
> Which value in `flex-direction` matches this description?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Which value for `flex-direction` will make it so items are aligned along the cross axis from top to bottom.
```

#### --text--

What is a flexbox?

#### --distractors--

An two-dimensional model for layout

---

An three-dimensional model for layout

---

An multi-dimensional model for layout

#### --answer--

An one-dimensional model for layout 

### --question--

#### --text--

What css property is set to enable the flexbox layout for the <div> element?  

#### --distractors--

```css

> 
> div { 
>   flex: 1; 
> }
> 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
div { 
  flex: 1; 
}
```
No need for additional blank lines here. It applies to other code blocks as well.

Author: Ok, I've removed the additional blank lines for all the code blocks
